# End User License Agreement

Updated date: June 17th, 2021

Welcome to use Sanmill (“the software”), which is maintained and issued by Calcitem Studio and Community.

The software is integrated by open-source software selected, customized and developed by Calcitem Studio. The software complies to software license agreements of all open-source software, components, and projects, on which the software relies.

Please read all rights and limitations stated in this End User License Agreement ("EULA") carefully before using the software. This is a legal Agreement between Calcitem Studio and you (natural person, legal person or other organization). By installing, copying and/or otherwise using the software, you signify your assent to and acceptance of the EULA, and acknowledge that you have read and understood all the terms of the EULA. If you represent an entity, by installing, copying and/or otherwise using the software, you are deemed to accept these terms on behalf of the entity. If you DO NOT agree any term of this agreement, please do not install, download or use the software and its relevant services by any other means.

Unless being replaced by a new version, the EULA applies to any version of Sanmill software and its related updates, and any usage of the source code, regardless the way how the software is delivered.

Compared with their previous version in any components of the software, any part of the source code and object code that are created or modified by Calcitem Studio, attached with the copyright declaration of Calcitem Studio For all purposes of this EULA, using the software includes downloading, installing, copying, redistributing or running a function in other ways.

**1.** **License Authorization**. Subject to the following terms, Calcitem Studio grants to you a perpetual, worldwide, and non-exclusive license to the software pursuant to this EULA and “GNU General Public License” (Version 3). The software may contain the components compiled by third-party developers in accordance with the corresponding open source licenses (hereinafter referred to as “open source software component”). Each software component is under a open source license located in its source code, which should be conformed to when you use it. Pertaining solely to the software, this EULA does not limit or change your rights or obligations under the license terms applicable to any particular open source software component.

**2.** **Intellectual Property Rights**. The program owned by Calcitem Studio in the software is protected under Copyright Law and other applicable laws.  (1) You shall not remove any copyright mark from the software, meanwhile you shall make the copyright mark exactly as is on all the copies of the software to duly announce the copyright of Calcitem Studio and/or other licensors. (2) Calcitem Studio owns the copyright and other intellectual property rights of the software (including but not limited to any image, picture, flash, word and additional program, color, user interface-design, structure), and any copies of the software (except for trademarks and other rights owned by third parties), or Calcitem Studio has the legitimate using rights. (3) The copyright of the software and printing documents are protected under the Copyright Law of PRC and international laws and treaties. (4) You shall not remove or destroy any copyright mark regarding the software. You guarantee that you shall also copy this copyright declaration in all copies of the software (whether in whole or part). (5) You agree to prevent any pirates of the software and the printing documents.

**3. Redistribution.** You can only redistribute the software when you have retained the copyright mark and copyright notice of the software in accordance with the requirements of Article 2 above, and have deleted and replaced the trademarks of all unified software. **In addition to the above, this Agreement does not allow you to redistribute (including but not limited to software sales, pre-installation, bundling, etc.) the software or its components for any commercial purpose, regardless of whether the software or its components have been modified.** You should be aware that modifying this software may cause damage to the application and may not work properly.

**4.** **Specification**. The use of this software is subject to the laws and this EULA. You are not entitled to perform, including but not limited to use other services provided by the software and Calcitem Studio in any illegal way, for any illegal purpose, or in any inconsistent way with the EULA.

**If you fail to comply with the above provisions, Calcitem Studio does not take any liability, and has the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate, completely or partially suspend, or limit its normal function of the software, and reserves all rights to pursue your actions.**

**5.** **Disclaimer of Warranty**. No any other form of after-sales warranty is applied to the software. To the maximum extent permitted under the applicable law, the software is licensed "as is" by Calcitem Studio without any other assurance and warranties, whether express, implied or statutory, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of merchantability, non-infringement or fitness for a particular purpose.

**The software is designed and supplied as a general purpose product and not for the specific use of any user. No software is without errors, so you should always solely be responsible for the risks of using the software. Calcitem Studio does not take any liability for the damages and risks resulting from using or inability to use the software, including, but not limited to direct or indirect personal injuries, commercial profit loss, trade interruption, data loss, or any other economic loss.**

**6.** **Limited Liability. Calcitem Studio is not responsible for any claims or damages arising out of or in connection with the content of the software or others related to the content provided by you or a third party.**

**7.** **Right Reservation**. All rights not expressly granted with the software are owned by Calcitem Studio.

**8.** **License Termination**. (1) Calcitem Studio is entitled to terminate the EULA at any time, if any terms or conditions in the EULA are violated. (2) Provided that Calcitem Studio offers you any replaced, revised or upgraded Version of the software attached with a replacement of the EULA, which stipulates that you can use the replaced, revised or upgraded Version of the software under the condition that you accept the replacement of the EULA, Calcitem Studio may terminate this EULA.

**9.** **Jurisdiction and Applicable Law**. The establishment, execution, interpretation and resolution of disputes with respect to the EULA shall be governed by the laws of the P.R.C. **When any dispute arises between Calcitem Studio and the user due to the content or the implement of the EULA, the two parties shall resolve it through friendly negotiation; if the negotiation fails, the user hereby agrees that the dispute shall be resolved in the court located in the jurisdiction where Calcitem Studio resides**.

**10.** **Interpretation and Modification**. Calcitem Studio has the right to interpret and modify this EULA to the maximum extent without any violation of all the applicable laws and regulations, as well as the agreements that the software complies with, including “GNU General Public License” (Version 3). It also reserves the right to modify this EULA at any time in accordance with the changes in relevant laws and regulations, as well as the open-source strategies of the community. The modified EULA will be shown in the new version of the software for acceptance before you use it. In the event of a dispute, this EULA terminates and the latest EULA shall prevail. If you do not agree with the changes in the EULA, you can uninstall and delete the software and destroy the relevant information. If you continue to use the software, you are deemed to have accepted the modifications in the EULA.

**11.** **This EULA is published in Simplified Chinese and English. No matter which language version you read, the Simplified Chinese version shall prevail.**

**12.** **Contact Us**. If you have any questions regarding this EULA, or need any information, please contact Calcitem Studio at calcitem@outlook.com.